.TH BFIND 1 BFIND
.SH NAME
bfind - Minimalitic find using breadth-first crawling
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR bfind
.RI [ OPTION ]...
[--]
.RI [ DIRECTORY ]
.IR PASSPHRASE_LIST
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR bfind
is a minimalitic alternative to
.BR find (1)
that is designed to be efficient that locating files.
To accomplish this,
.BR bfind
uses breadth-first crawling instead of depth-first crawling.
.PP
.BR bfind
is only includes the bare minimum, a few options for
restricting the crawlspace and an option to output
visited files in a safe format rather than a human-friendly
format.
.BR bfind
will never include all features of
.BR find (1)
because they are excessive and some other than makes
not since to have in the program and can be outright
dangerous.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-x ,\  \-\-xdev
Do not restrict crawling to one mount point.
.TP
.BR \-h ,\  \-\-hardlinks
Watch out for hardlinked directories.
.TP
.BR \-s ,\  \-\-symlinks
Visit symbolically linked directories, but
never visit the same directory twice.
.TP
.BR \-v ,\  \-\-visible
No files starting with a dot will be listed.
.TP
.BR \-0 ,\  \-\-print0
Terminate lines with NUL rather than LF.
.SH RATIONALE
While
.BR bfind
is not as fast as
.BR find (1)
for large hierarchies, it will probably give your
results faster if you are looking for a file (rather
than listing files), because the file you are looking
for is probably near the directory you are searching
from.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR find (1),
.BR grep (1)
.PP
Full documentation available locally via: info \(aq(bfind)\(aq
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2013, 2015  Mattias Andrée
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/passcheck/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org
