\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename bfind.info
@settitle bfind
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header

@c --- start of do not touch ---
@set COMMAND bfind
@c --- end of do not touch ---


@dircategory General Commands
@direntry
* bfind: (bfind).          Locate files using breadth-first search.
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top bfind -- Locate files using breadth-first search
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title bfind
@subtitle Locate files using breadth-first search
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{@value{COMMAND}}.
* Invoking::                        Running @command{@value{COMMAND}}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{@value{COMMAND}} is a tool similar to @command{find},
except not as feature rich@footnote{You are encouraged to combine
with the shell to implement the features missing from @command{find}
in @command{bfind}, even when using @command{find}}, and using
breadth-first crawling instead of depth-first crawling making
@command{@value{COMMAND}} optimised for search files rather the
listing files as @command{find} as optimised for.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{@value{COMMAND}} supports a small of options and
only crawling of one directory per invocation.

@table @option
@item -x
@itemx --xdev
Do not restricted to crawling to one mount point.

@item -h
@itemx --hardlinks
You should use this if your filesystem supports
hardlinked directories. (It probably does not.)

@item -s
@itemx --symlinks
Visit directories symlinks points. Directories
will never be revisited. Visited directories
Will be memorised by absolute real path name.

@item -v
@itemx --visible
Do not list files starting with a dot. This
a generally a good idea as the file your are
searching for is probably not in a hidden
directory and is probably not a hidden file.

@item -0
@itemx --print0
Use NUL (\0) character for file separation rather
than LF (\n).

@item --
Stop parsing arguments as options.
@end table

If no directory is specified the current directory will
be crawled, but the directory will not be printed in the
beginning of each line nor will it appear as the first
found file. Each line will always start with specified
as directory exactly as writen in the argument



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

